plays a notable day for our galaxy on
this state back in 1610 Galileo you know
the guy from the Queen song Galileo
discovered that the universe does not
revolve around the earth on this day and
yet there are many people who not only
do they still believe the earth is the
center of the universe many of those
same people believe the earth is flat
like a tortilla they're called flat
earthers and NAMP conventions and talks
and shirts and mugs the whole deal and
I'm always interested in this so we sent
our pal Jake bird to a flat earth
conference in Dallas Texas to do some
unearthing and some flat earthing and
here he has Jake bird with the people
who live on a pancake I don't think I
want to wait around and see if NASA's
lying to me or not I think already no
scientism lies ok the lies that the
earth is round and my pinkeye is
contagious and that yeah you can't eat
raw chicken and play with coyotes or if
you eat too many eggs it'll turn you
into a Jewish or that you can't treat
you can drink pee but you can't drink
the pee that comes out from the beer
that you drink but wouldn't that second
B be more sterile than the first P we
just tired of lies everyone acts like
they know everything we know something
and there's no such thing as knowing
there's no knowing anything thank you
ergo no floats a platter one of the
first guys I found you know when I was
waking up and they just won't you know
once you go down the rabbit hole you
just you just know I mean exactly this
is how I found out okay
my mom's sex friend Randall was over and
I was playing with his record collection
he not be right in the mini-fridge but
when I came up I was holding one of the
records the shape of the record plant
guess what record was gives her record
was I know who is the biggest band in
1971 Earth Wind and Fire
look at this a pyramid the symbol of the
Illuminati's yeah and who's the drummer
first wouldn't fire don't know John pals
and what group is from Paris
the Templars and when did the Pope kill
them by day the 13th and who's the bad
guy Friday the 13th
Jason Freddy Freddy Robert Englund and
what do you call an apartment in England
no it's a flat and what Satanist Harry
Potter and what what month did Harry
Potter go to school to become a
professional Satanist that's me on
September 1 band had their biggest hit
with the song called September 5 no I
think in 2019 please take your seats I
want to bring out to the stage a guy
that's very special to me at mark
Sargent come on
smart sergeant my sergeant man man man
you'll know you'll know if this works
because the screen will change to Google
flutters and I can do this absolutely
without the slider settings settings the
settings things thank you my name is
Mark Sargent and I'm a proud flat
earther the globe is already dead they
just don't know it yet long live Flat
Earth thank you
you questions yes thank you for
confronting NASA which everybody knows
actually means not always telling truths
my question for you is we all know for a
fact that the earth is flat okay
but is there a general consensus as to
how thick it is because no the reason
being like Sam taking a whole cuz I'm
gonna bury a few dogs right am i just
dropping a garbage bag of dogs into
outer space as far as thickness goes
when he says oh how thick is it I don't
know even mainstream science how deep is
the deepest hole go further than this we
don't have to either this is easier to
understand than this and you say well
that doesn't mean it's right it's like
isn't it why not we believe all sorts of
things and but pub the public tends to
lean towards the easiest explanation
that's why we text instead of no no
clothes no roads no printing platter I
know good question no I can't legally
talk to my kids don't act like I'm
stupid why would I be stupid don't do
that I got a quick question
No why would the expression Daryl Hannah
fell off the face of the earth exist if
the earth was in Flour introduced
I've got a press conference after this
you know thinking thank you am i
bothering you guys did you ready smash
the ball way are we okay listen this
isn't about saying the earth is flat
it's about being open-minded did you
think this guy was a controlled
opposition no even know what controlled
opposition means but okay
oh you've never buried a dog Scott so
what is the problem you what name did
you register okay
Jake be asking to verify Thank You
officer you need to verify that you are
Jake
Illuminati I'm getting too close to the
tooth and they want me out listen we all
know what it's like we've been called
everything morons illiterate paint
drinkers clear evidence that there's a
broken foster system fetal alcohol
syndrome Boys Choir we're called
dum-dums flatheads what else have we
been called what else many many
different things we'll always have a
promise even here this bar code sir
should scan your name okay go scanner
and I brought you to verify with your
identity but you need a scanner take
your time
tell you what things are really heating
up here at the Flat Earth convention
where does it go my pass Jake uh-huh
here's my top choice video DVD rental
big big ball club do you know what you
guys want to kick me out then I'll just
go no fine fine can I get it can I get a
refund for this well that's it for me
good my stupid rotten world
[Applause]
oh hey
Thank You Jay good teaching
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season
buy my new book the serious goose I
wrote it and drew it all the money I
make goes to children's hospitals across
the country and if you don't support
that you are a box